JOURNAL.md, before:

# June 1, 2025

So, i decided to build a PCB hotplate. Yes i had decided to make it before it was put up as ideas on [highway](https://highway.hackclub.com) website.

Yeah so i am gonna start a bit of research.
What i think i need is that first of all a controller(I think i am gonna use the OG RP2040), then i need a mosfet which can handle high current, i would need a voltage regulator for the RP2040, and i would need copper tracks and i would need a thermistor or a temperature sensor. 

Okay, [this](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/MOSFETs_UTC-Unisonic-Tech-UT20N03L-TN3-R_C171442.html) is the mosfet i decided to go with. [This](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/Voltage-Regulators-Linear-Low-Drop-Out-LDO-Regulators_JSMSEMI-AMS1117S-3-3_C917152.html) is the voltage regulator i decided. Can't find a good thermistor now i'll look tomorrow.


GUESS WHO FOUND [A GOOD THERMISTOR](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/NTC-Thermistors_Dersonic-NTDM1003FB39500148_C5355638.html) IN JUST A FEW MINUTES AFTER THE LAST COMMIT BECAUSE I COULDN'T WAIT TILL TOMORROW
### Time Spent: 30 mins
  
--------  

# June 3 2025

Couldn't work yesterday cuz i had to study, and now started the journal again cuz i realised that the old mosfet is not compatible with 3.3v from rp2040. so i changed the mosfet and [this](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/MOSFETs_Alpha-Omega-Semicon-AO3400A_C20917.html) is the new mosfet now. I will be controlling it using PWM 

#### Time spent this session: 10 mins

Commit message:

Control circuitry and thermistor working

JOURNAL.md, after:

# June 1, 2025

So, i decided to build a PCB hotplate. Yes i had decided to make it before it was put up as ideas on [highway](https://highway.hackclub.com) website.

Yeah so i am gonna start a bit of research.
What i think i need is that first of all a controller(I think i am gonna use the OG RP2040), then i need a mosfet which can handle high current, i would need a voltage regulator for the RP2040, and i would need copper tracks and i would need a thermistor or a temperature sensor. 

Okay, [this](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/MOSFETs_UTC-Unisonic-Tech-UT20N03L-TN3-R_C171442.html) is the mosfet i decided to go with. [This](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/Voltage-Regulators-Linear-Low-Drop-Out-LDO-Regulators_JSMSEMI-AMS1117S-3-3_C917152.html) is the voltage regulator i decided. Can't find a good thermistor now i'll look tomorrow.


GUESS WHO FOUND [A GOOD THERMISTOR](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/NTC-Thermistors_Dersonic-NTDM1003FB39500148_C5355638.html) IN JUST A FEW MINUTES AFTER THE LAST COMMIT BECAUSE I COULDN'T WAIT TILL TOMORROW
### Time Spent: 30 mins
  
--------  

# June 3 2025

Couldn't work yesterday cuz i had to study, and now started the journal again cuz i realised that the old mosfet is not compatible with 3.3v from rp2040. so i changed the mosfet and [this](https://www.lcsc.com/product-detail/MOSFETs_Alpha-Omega-Semicon-AO3400A_C20917.html) is the new mosfet now. I will be controlling it using PWM.  

And um yeah i also wanted to tell that i will be using thermistor for calculating temperature of the plate. this will be done using a voltage divider network, probably a 10k ohm resistor connected to ground and other side connected to thermistor and thermistor connected to 3.3v, and the voltage divider junction will be connected to rp2040 to measure temperature.  

I will be using a similar technique to measure the input voltage, like i can use a resistor divider to measure voltage which will thus help in controlling MOSFET.  

That's all for now
#### Time spent this session: 10 mins
